# Discpay ~ Discord Cryptocurrency Payment System
#### History
As I feel it's important to understand how this program came into being I must first give a little history. I started this program with another person who goes by the username of Ironminer45. We both worked on this project for about six months off and on. I did most of the code, and he did most of the testing and user experience. After all that work just as we were about to go live with it, I decided to check up the legality of it in my jurisdiction (United States) as I have heard a lot of different things about MTL (money transmitting license) license and such. Turns out after talking to a lawyer and MTL consultant. That this program without a shadow of a doubt falls with in MTL listening requirements. At the time of writing this neither of us have the time, money or patients to deal with all of that, and the risk reward was not good enough for us. I have talked with Iron, and he decided to let me chose what to do with the code that I put a lot of time into. After a few months of deliberation and the realization that I would not like to pursue this at any time even in the future I am deciding to release it as an open source project. I'm doing this so that people can learn from it and hopefully it helps someone out. Heck maybe someone from a better legal jurisdiction will use it to create their own bots. Who knows?
##### TLDR : Spent way too much time building something that legally couldn't exist in my jurisdiction without extensive monetary investment.
#### What is this?
This program is a discord bot that allows users to tip one another in different cryptocurrencies.
#### How would I test this out?
Install NodeJS and set up a discord bot account. Learn a little of node JS and have some fun.
#### What's the use of this?
The original point was to allow for easier adoption of cryptocurrencies by making a program that people could use to tip each other and allow for easy use of many cryptocurrencies all at the same time.
#### Is there anyway it could be legal?
I've been told by some people (****Not legal advice!**** Contact a lawyer if you plan on doing something like this, and learn from me do it before you invest time and energy!) that if you could set it up so that it was noncustodial it would probably be considered alright. I have thought about making a bot like this that is basic a cryptocurrency paperwallet generator with connection to an API to push TX's and allow for users to find other peoples address like a phone book. The reason I haven't done that is because after spending a bunch of excess time on this and then getting shot down I got discouraged, and went on to do other things. As well as the difficulty of proving that the key gen was secure and making it a simple process to send the key through a third party without compromising the integrity of that privacy and security. It will probably be on my to-do list but I doubt it will be made soon. Someone else makes something like this feel free to link me to it. It would be fun to take a look at.
#### Some code looks weird and might be slightly broken or not fully bug proof.
That's true. I built this in those six months then as we were coming up to the final steps of debugging everything is when I discovered how this couldn't be a system we could continue with. If you plan on using as is please look at the code and do your own tests before using your own money or worse someone else's.
#### I have questions about the project, or would like to contact you about its use.
I will almost certainly not be updating this project any time soon. If I get enough questions I may add to this README but please don't contact me about updating it. If you would like to use this code it will be licensed under MIT so do with it as you please.
